Refactor: `wrappers` -> `modules` (#177)
GazzolaLab/PyElastica: docs/guide/workflow.md

):
    pass
```

> This simply combines all the modules previously imported together. If a modules are not needed for the simulation, it does not need to be added here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This simply combines all the modules previously imported together. If a module is not needed for the simulation, it does not need to be added here.
```
